With his parents 3, Yamaha introduces a new two-point 4 gigahertz transmitter
Concept in front of both in features as well as in safety and flexibility
the manufacturer has packed everything into a high quality computer today
makes
The joysticks can be moved with high precision and pinpoint accuracy
thanks to good ergonomics, the transmitter lays perfectly in the hands of the pilot though
also as a desk version, the earth fits together with 3 in every common universal
Pröbsting
equipped with a total of seven switches and three knobs
the control meets all the needs of advanced model pilots
the switches are easily accessible
the knobs are easy to move
a socket for operation on the simulator round is the features Abs
The design of the system is timeless
and the processed plastic makes a high-quality impression
The display is clearly arranged and informs the pilot about all
relevant values ​​the trim
Model Arndt flight times or battery condition
The model pilot can comfortably steer through a total of six buttons
concise and self-explanatory minute transmitter
a German user manual and declaration of conformity sets «jamaran»
with in the packaging
The included two-point 4 gigahertz modules become easy
plugged into the back of the transmitter
From this point on, the doctors will be on the safe Fras test system
In addition, Yamaha passes on a suitable 8-channel receiver
for 249 euros VW
Model pilots get a high quality computer transmitter with
absolute top-act equipment
8 channels clear display and FHs test system are just three of the many
features
which distinguish the transmitter
the doctors on 3 is now available through the specialized trade